docs/Lidar.md, before:

<img src="../img/UST-10lx.jpg" alt="an image showing a UST-10lx with an orange top. We can read Hokuyo Smart Urg underneath" title="A UST-10lx Lidar" width="200" align="right"/>


Les Lidar utiliser par INTech sont des [UST-10LX](https://www.hokuyo-aut.jp/search/single.php?serial=167) concu et vendu par Hokuyo.<!-- Ce sont des lidar haut performance. --> Une documentation non officel (mais plutot complete existe [ici](https://sourceforge.net/p/urgnetwork/wiki/Home/)).



Il communique par Ethernet en utilisant le protocole [Secure Communications Interoperability Protocol (SCIP)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Communications_Interoperability_Protocol). Ce protocol peut faire peur a premiere vue mais nous n'utilison que les commande decrit [ici](https://sourceforge.net/p/urgnetwork/wiki/scip_en/). Pour communiquer par ethernet, les lidar possede une adresse IP: 

```
192.168.0.10:10940/24
```

Il faut donc choisir une adresse ip dans le bon sous-resaux. Nous avons arbitrairement choisi:

```
192.168.0.11
```

# The library

Commit message:

Add UST-10lx basics and usage instructions for HokuyoReader class in Lidar documentation

docs/Lidar.md, after:

#Lidar

## UST-10lx basics

<img src="../img/UST-10lx.jpg" alt="an image showing a UST-10lx with an orange top. We can read Hokuyo Smart Urg underneath" title="A UST-10lx Lidar" width="200" align="right"/>


Les Lidar utiliser par INTech sont des [UST-10LX](https://www.hokuyo-aut.jp/search/single.php?serial=167) concu et vendu par Hokuyo.<!-- Ce sont des lidar haut performance. --> Une documentation non officel (mais plutot complete existe [ici](https://sourceforge.net/p/urgnetwork/wiki/Home/)).



Il communique par Ethernet en utilisant le protocole [Secure Communications Interoperability Protocol (SCIP)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Communications_Interoperability_Protocol). Ce protocol peut faire peur a premiere vue mais nous n'utilison que les commande decrit [ici](https://sourceforge.net/p/urgnetwork/wiki/scip_en/). Pour communiquer par ethernet, les lidar possede une adresse IP: 

```
192.168.0.10:10940/24
```

Il faut donc choisir une adresse ip dans le bon sous-resaux. Nous avons arbitrairement choisi:

```
192.168.0.11
```

## Using HokuyoReader class

Create the class instance with
``` python
sensor = HokuyoReader(IP, PORT) 
```

use `HokuyoReader.stop()` to get rid of any leftover data or problems from an improper shutdown and start mesuring with `HokuyoReader.startContinuous(0, 1080)` with 0 and 1080 the steps that are mesured

```pyhton
sensor.stop()
sensor.startContinuous(0, 1080)
```

Distances can be retrived as a numpy array with the `HokuyoReader.rDistance()` (r standing for radial)

```python
distance_array=sensor.rDistance()
```

Use `HokuyoReader.stop()` to gracefully shutdown the lidar

```pyhton
sensor.stop()

```
